# Recommending Actions from Clustering Analysis

Next, we want you to implement your own ideas to use machine learning clustering techniques to provide insight and actionable recommendations to Eglence Inc. to help improve their business.

For this assignment you will follow the same basic steps as modeled the [iPython notebook](https://github.com/words-sdsc/courseraDataSimulation/blob/master/capstone/readings/Week%203%20pySpark%20ML%20Clustering.ipynb) you should have just reviewed. However, **you should identify and use your own ideas on what attributes to use to guide the analysi**s (possibly based on your thoughts and readings from the discussion prompts this week).

As with previous weeks, we've structured the effort into a series of prompts. **Your responses to each of these prompts are guided by a template** which will support you in designing the relevant portions of the technical appendix for your final project in the capstone.

1.  **Attribute Selection.** Select 3 partitioning attributes (features / characteristics) and explain how each captures an aspect of a user’s behavior. _Note that you can also use aggregates, such as total number of ad-clicks per user, sum of money spent on a specific ad category or all ad categories by each user, game clicks per hour by each user etc. You are free to use any mathematical operations on the fields provided in the CSV files when creating features._Fill in this template ([word](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BynhigjdR0kmWGNwbGNZODRQSm8)).
2.  **Training Data Set Creation**. Create the training data set that you will use to form clusters (see process in [iPython notebook](https://github.com/words-sdsc/courseraDataSimulation/blob/master/capstone/readings/Week%203%20pySpark%20ML%20Clustering.ipynb) if needed). Create a screenshot of the first few lines of this data set (including the header). What are the dimensions of your training data set (rows x columns)? How many clusters would you like to create from this dataset? Fill in this template ([word](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BynhigjdR0kmM1UzNkp0MS12UVU)).
3.  **Train to Create Cluster Centers.** Train a K-Means clustering model in Spark on your data set. Print a screenshot of the centers of each cluster. Based on the feature values of these cluster centers, explain, how you could use this information to distinguish users in one cluster from another. _Note: This analysis requires you to compare the cluster centers and find any ‘significant’ differences in the attribute values among centers. The answer to this question will depend on the attributes you have chosen. Some attributes help distinguish the clusters remarkably while others may not tell you much. At this point, if you don’t find clear distinguishing patterns, perhaps re-running the clustering model with different numbers of clusters and revising the attributes you picked would be a good idea._ Fill in this template ([word](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BynhigjdR0kmVTMzTndQQXVkTnc)).
4.  **Recommend Actions.** From the analysis you have performed using K-Means clustering, recommend two or more actions Eglence Inc. can take that will have a direct or indirect impact on their revenue. For each action you recommend, give a rationale for the action you recommend and how it can possibly increase revenue for the company. Fill in this template ([word](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BynhigjdR0kmS3kwa3VZS1JzckU)).