# Quiz 1 - Why Big Data and Where Did it Come From?

### 1. Which of the following is an example of big data utilized in action today?

- The Internet
- Wi-Fi Networks
- **Social Media**
- Individual, Unconnected Hospital Databases

### 2. What reasoning was given for the following: why is the "data storage to price ratio" relevant to big data?

- Companies can't afford to own, maintain, and spend the energy to support large data storage unless the cost is sufficiently low.
- Larger storage means easier accessibility to big data for every user because it allows users to download in bulk.
- It isn't, it was just an arbitrary example on big data usage.
- **Access of larger storage becomes easier for everyone, which means client-facing services require very large data storage.**

### 3. What is the best description of personalized marketing enabled by big data?

- Marketing to each customer on an individual level and suiting to their needs.
- **Being able to use the data from each customer for marketing needs.**
- Being able to obtain and use customer information for specific groups and utilize them for marketing needs.

### 4. Of the following, which are some examples of personalized marketing related to big data?

- A survey that asks your age and markets to you a specific brand.
- **Facebook revealing posts that cater towards similar interests.**
- News outlets gathering information from the internet in order to report them to the public.


### 5. What is the workflow for working with big data?

- Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing
- **Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision**
- Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice

### 6. Which is the most compelling reason why mobile advertising is related to big data?

- Mobile advertising in and of itself is always associated with big data.
- Since almost everyone owns a cell/mobile phone, the mobile advertising market is large and thus requires big data to contain all the information.
- **Mobile advertising benefits from data integration with location which requires big data.**
- Mobile advertising allows massive cellular/mobile texting to a wide audience, thus providing large amounts of data.


### 7. What are the three types of diverse data sources?

- Information Networks, Map Data, and People
- Machine Data, Map Data, and Social Media
- **Machine Data, Organizational Data, and People**
- Sensor Data, Organizational Data, and Social Media


### 8. What is an example of machine data?

- Sorted data from Amazon regarding customer info.
- **Weather station sensor output.**
- Social Media

### 9. What is an example of organizational data?

- Satellite Data
- Social Media
- **Disease data from Center for Disease Control.**

### 10. Of the three data sources, which is the hardest to implement and streamline into a model?

- **People**
- Machine Data
- Organizational Data

### 11. Which of the following summarizes the process of using data streams?

- **Integration -> Personalization -> Precision**
- Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision
- Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice
- Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing

### 12. Where does the real value of big data often come from?

- Having data-enabled decisions and actions from the insights of new data.
- **Combining streams of data and analyzing them for new insights.**
- Size of the data.
- Using the three major data sources: Machines, People, and Organizations.


### 13. What does it mean for a device to be "smart"?

- **Connect with other devices and have knowledge of the environment.**
- Having a specific processing speed in order to keep up with the demands of data processing.
- Must have a way to interact with the user.


### 14. What does the term "in situ" mean in the context of big data?

- Accelerometers.
- The sensors used in airplanes to measure altitude.
- **Bringing the computation to the location of the data.**
- In the situation


### 15. Which of the following are reasons mentioned for why data generated by people are hard to process?

- They cannot be modeled and stored.
- **The velocity of the data is very high.**
- **Very unstructured data.**
- **Skilled people to analyze the data are hard to come by.**

### 16. What is the purpose of retrieval and storage; pre-processing; and analysis in order to convert multiple data sources into valuable data?

- To enable ETL methods.
- Since the multi-layered process is built into the Neo4j database connection.
- Designed to work like the ETL process.
- **To allow scalable analytical solutions to big data.**

### 17. Which of the following are benefits for organization generated data?

- **Improved Safety**
- **Better Profit Margins**
- **Higher Sales**
- High Velocity
- **Customer Satisfaction**

### 18. What are data silos and why are they bad?

- **Data produced from an organization that is spread out. Bad because it creates unsynchronized and invisible data.**
- A giant centralized database to house all the data production within an organization. Bad because it hinders opportunity for data generation.
- Highly unstructured data. Bad because it does not provide meaningful results for organizations.
- A giant centralized database to house all the data produces within an organization. Bad because it is hard to maintain as highly structured data.

### 19. Which of the following are benefits of data integration?

- **Reduce data complexity.**
- **Adds value to big data.**
- Monitoring of data.
- **Increase data collaboration.**
- **Increase data availability.**
- **Unify your data system.**